Stronger recommendation for client authentication (#68)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-client-id-metadata-document: draft-ietf-oauth-client-id-metadata-document.md

## Client Authentication {#client_authentication}

Since the client establishes its own registration data at the authorization server,
prior coordination of client credentials is not possible. However, establishing
credentials at the authorization server by using authentication methods that use
public/private key pairs is possible by publishing the public key in their metadata document.

Clients that are capable of maintaining private key material and performing client authentication

> SHOULD do so with an acceptable method.

Reviewer: Should this just explicitly say "e.g., private_key_jwt" ?

Author: I wanted to leave the door open for other methods in the future

Reviewer: Yeah, I can see that... maybe we could reference https://www.iana.org/assignments/oauth-parameters/oauth-parameters.xhtml#token-endpoint-auth-method ?

> SHOULD do so with an acceptable method.

Author: ```suggestion
SHOULD do so with an acceptable method, such as a method in the [OAuth Token Endpoint Authentication Methods registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/oauth-parameters/oauth-parameters.xhtml#token-endpoint-auth-method).
```

This establishes this client as a confidential client, and any communication with
the authorization server MUST include client authentication of the registered type.

When a client declares `token_endpoint_auth_method` as `private_key_jwt`, the authorization server

> MUST require client authentication according to {{Section 2.2 or RFC7523}} using the corresponding key published in the client's metadata document.

Author: ```suggestion
MUST require client authentication according to {{Section 2.2 of RFC7523}} using the corresponding key published in the client's metadata document.
```

> MUST require client authentication according to {{Section 2.2 of RFC7523}} using the corresponding key published in the client's metadata document.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like we *MUST* use `jwks` in the CIMD, instead of `jwks_uri` (which I think we prefer?)

Author: yeah that was not my intent. maybe "published or referenced"?

Reviewer: I'd probably just say "referenced", since embedding is a reference in a way.. maybe "discovered from the client's metadata document" ?

> MUST require client authentication according to {{Section 2.2 of RFC7523}} using the corresponding key published in the client's metadata document.

Author: ```suggestion
MUST require client authentication according to {{Section 2.2 of RFC7523}} using the corresponding key discovered from the client's metadata document.
```
